yo yo water YouTube is me Papaji phone
what's everybody today we unboxing
Batman Arkham City this is the game of
the year edition just came out today's
you can see the front looks freaking
amazing
the artwork everything looks awesome so
this is a given of your Edition 10 out
of 10 nights so does come with some
bonus content a lot of you know bonuses
which is awesome so there you go that is
stuff from Batman Arkham City 3d
compatible game Rocksteady
5 out of 5 a must own of course given
that your Edition like I stated so that
is the front as you can see on the side
it says given that your Edition Batman
Arkham City so that is the side all
rights on the back it says no escape
from Arkham City so we do have a bunch
of bonus content which includes the
Harley Quinn's revenge
Catwoman pack robin bundle pack
Nightwing bundle pack Arkham City skins
pack challenge map pack includes Batman
your one digital movie as well so
includes a lot of things which is
awesome so I didn't get this game for
$49.99 basically 50 bucks the players
you can only play one player regard your
space
2750 megabytes the hand that's liked
almost 3 gigabytes HTP output for the
piece and Tony P 1080i 1080p nice the
shock 3 compatible it is a 3d game
compared which is awesome because I do
have a 55 inch 3d HDTV so there you go
that is the bear we do have some
screenshots as well as you can see the
Anakin has so good alright so that is
that Joker
Robin Batman so that is cool can't wait
to play this game so that is the back of
the box the front slows down box in this
bad boy
there you go let's put that to the side
and is open this for the first time all
right so we do have the game here which
is the same artwork as a you know
regular edition it's just a settlement
says game of the year edition on top
that's basically it so there you go that
is the disc game of the year edition
Batman Arkham City really cheaper teen
Dolby Digital ps3 pretty cool so that is
the disc also next that we have is the
catalog so this is the batman arkham
city catalog as you can see inside here
you can buy posters on books anything
strategy guides as well hats controllers
so that is pretty cool you can see some
glasses as well
t-shirts DC comics and all those good
things so that is that so that is the
catalog alright so moving on we do have
a couple of more things inside here so
let's take this out so the first thing
that we see we do have this it says buy
this excited DC Universe movies today in
the back I believe we do have a code yes
we do have a code for my movie for my
movie download so that is cool so that
is that it's better to the side and here
says we can be heroes alright cool in
the back no code nothing like that and
this is a manual Game of the Year
Edition kind of like a you know three
page manual getting started
warrants information all this good thing
so alright so hopefully that's enjoys
quick unboxing of Batman Arkham City
game in the year edition piece my
thumbs up this video mean so much so
much else me also prayed this videos
will leave a comment down below if
you're picking up this game as soon as
possible let me know in the comment
section down below subscribe you have it
to be no offense to put more videos and
I'll see you the next video thanks for
watching this Batman Arkham City
changing to the way
you